dvd_rental.sql is a database that represents the records of two different dvd stores, cataloguing their dvd leases, 
information on its customers, lease records, payments, details on the films available for rent, as well as information 
on its employees and inventory.


In this database we can find the addresses table. This table provides information about the street addresses, located
in each district and city. The city is given by a city_id, this id is a unique key that designates the city, and can 
be looked up in city table. similarly the country is given by a unique country_id stored in the country table.

The store table contains a store_id key, to identify the two stores and to give their respective address_id and  
manager_staff_id.

In the customer table we find full information on customers that have rented dvds, each customer is given a unique
customer ID, and each field contains relevant information on each of the customers this includes their addresses given
again by an address key, first name, last name and at which store they have rented the dvd given by the store_id.

Furthermore, each rental made is recorded under a unique id in the rental table which give us data about the date the
rental was made, the customer through their id, along with the staff_id of the employee that made the transaction.


The staff_id leads us to the staff table that contains relevant information about the employees.
including their name, last name, address_id and the store_id of the store they work at.


The rentals connects us to the payment table, that contains the records of the customer_id, the staff_id , rental_id
as well as the amount and payment date pertaining to each individual transaction. This tells us about the customer that
made the purchase, and which employee accepted the payment.

Finally each film is given a film id along with the title of the movie and a short description. Under the language_id 
column we find an id number that can be used to look up the language of the film from the language table.
we also have data on the actors in the actor table, each actor has their own unique id.
This way we can see information on which actors appear in which movies, through the film_actor table that assigns an 
actor_id to every film_id.

